README.md, before:

# raygun4breakpad

Breakpad sample projects for Linux and MacOS to use with Raygun.com.

Each sample is a small code project that integrates with the Breakpad source. When executed, the application crashes and creates a crash dump file (`.dmp`).

Upload the resulting file to Raygun using the `send_minidump.sh` script contained in each sample folder.

## Project structure

- `sampleapp_linux`: Contains Linux sample project
  - `sampleapp_linux/send_minidump.sh`: Code to send dump files to Raygun
- `sampleapp_macos`: Contains MacOS sample project
  - `sampleapp_macos/send_minidump.sh`: Code to send dump files to Raygun
- `deps`: Empty folder to download dependencies (Breakpad)

## Setup

Run the `install_deps.sh` script to pull down the repository dependencies.

### Linux

Build from terminal using the Make file.
`cd sampleapp_linux && make`

### MacOS 

Build from terminal using the Make file.
`cd sampleapp_macos && make`

#### Troubleshooting

If compilation fails with:

```
fatal error: 'mach/ppc/thread_status.h' file not found
```

Open `deps/breakpad/src/client/mac/handler/minidump_generator.h` and remove the following code:

```c
#if !TARGET_OS_IPHONE && (MAC_OS_X_VERSION_MAX_ALLOWED < MAC_OS_X_VERSION_10_7)
  #define HAS_PPC_SUPPORT
#endif
```

### Output

Once completed a new directory called 'build' will be generated and contains the following files.

| File                    | Description
|:----------------------- |:----------------------
| dump_syms.exe           | Program for converting dSYM files to SYM files
| dump_syms.dSYM          | Apple symbol file for the dump_syms program
| libclient.a             | Breakpad exception handling library used by the sampleapp program
| libdisasm.a             | Library used by the minidump_stackwalk program
| mini.dmp                | minidump generated by the running of the sampleapp.exe
| minidump_stackwalk.exe  | Breakpad library for converting minidumps into a readable format
| minidump_stackwalk.dSYM | Apple symbol file for the minidump_stackwalk program
| sampleapp.exe           | Console app that generates minidumps when run
| sampleapp.dSYM          | Apple symbol file for the sampleapp program
| sampleapp.sym           | Breakpad symbol file generated using the dump_syms on the sampleapp.dSYM file

Commit message:

Add Windows sample and update documentation (#6)
* Add Windows sample

* update docs and fix variable print

* cleanup gitignore

* update readme

README.md, after:

# raygun4breakpad

Breakpad sample projects for Windows, Linux and MacOS to use with Raygun.com.

Each sample is a small code project that integrates with the Breakpad source. When executed, the application crashes and creates a crash dump file (`.dmp`).

Upload the resulting file to Raygun using the `send_minidump.sh` script contained in each sample folder.

The Windows sample uses Breakpad's `CrashReportSender` to upload minidumps automatically.

## Project structure

- `sampleapp_linux`: Contains Linux sample project
  - `sampleapp_linux/send_minidump.sh`: Code to send dump files to Raygun
- `sampleapp_macos`: Contains MacOS sample project
  - `sampleapp_macos/send_minidump.sh`: Code to send dump files to Raygun
- `sampleapp_windows`: Contains Windows sample project
- `deps`: Empty folder to download dependencies (Breakpad)

## Setup

Run the `install_deps.sh` script to pull down the repository dependencies.

On Windows run the `install_deps.bat` script.

### Linux

Build from terminal using the Make file.
`cd sampleapp_linux && make`

### MacOS 

Build from terminal using the Make file.
`cd sampleapp_macos && make`

### Windows

The Windows sample will upload the minidumps automatically if properly configured.

Modify the `main.cpp` and change `YOUR_API_KEY` with your Raygun API key.

Build from Visual Studio using the `RaygunBreakpad.sln` or use the `build.bat` script if you have `msbuild` installed.

Run the compiled file `x64/Debug/RaygunBreakpad.exe`.

You should see a similar output to:

```
raygun4breakpad\sampleapp_windows\x64\Debug> .\RaygunBreakpad.exe

Minidump callback called with dump_path: ., minidump_id: 603b9607-249c-4869-9f08-b1377eb13dc9, succeeded: 1
Minidump file created at: 603b9607-249c-4869-9f08-b1377eb13dc9.dmp
Crash report sent: 1
```

#### Troubleshooting

If compilation fails with:

```
fatal error: 'mach/ppc/thread_status.h' file not found
```

Open `deps/breakpad/src/client/mac/handler/minidump_generator.h` and remove the following code:

```c
#if !TARGET_OS_IPHONE && (MAC_OS_X_VERSION_MAX_ALLOWED < MAC_OS_X_VERSION_10_7)
  #define HAS_PPC_SUPPORT
#endif
```

### Output

Once completed a new directory called 'build' will be generated and contains the following files.

| File                    | Description
|:----------------------- |:----------------------
| dump_syms.exe           | Program for converting dSYM files to SYM files
| dump_syms.dSYM          | Apple symbol file for the dump_syms program
| libclient.a             | Breakpad exception handling library used by the sampleapp program
| libdisasm.a             | Library used by the minidump_stackwalk program
| mini.dmp                | minidump generated by the running of the sampleapp.exe
| minidump_stackwalk.exe  | Breakpad library for converting minidumps into a readable format
| minidump_stackwalk.dSYM | Apple symbol file for the minidump_stackwalk program
| sampleapp.exe           | Console app that generates minidumps when run
| sampleapp.dSYM          | Apple symbol file for the sampleapp program
| sampleapp.sym           | Breakpad symbol file generated using the dump_syms on the sampleapp.dSYM file
